What is an operating system?
==>
1. Wikipedia Definition: A operating system is software that can manages computer hardware and software resources, and provides common services for computer programs.

2. In Simple Words: An operating system (OS) is software that acts as a middleman or a bridge between computer hardware and computer user. It provides a user interface and controls the computer hardware therefore, that software can function.

e.g: 
1. Desktop opserating systems: Microsoft windows, Macintosh from Apple, Ubuntu from GNU/Linux distribution
2. Server operating systems: Windows server, Linux distribution like CentOS, Redhat Enterprize Linux.
3. Mobile operating systems: Android, ios, Windows mobile.
4. Embedded operating systmes: used in devices like routers, smart TVs, automobiles, home appliances etc.
5. Real time operating systems (RTOS): used in critical systems like medical equipments, car ECUs, aerospace, defense, network firewalls, home security systems etc.
==================

What is Linux?
==> 
1. Linux is an free and open source operating system.
2. Linux is very popular for stability, security, and flexibility. It can be modified by and distributed by anyone, which has led to many different versions, known as "distributions" and each distribution is tailored for different uses.
3. It's open-source nature means that a community of developers and users contribute to its development.

==============================

Importance of Linux:
1. Widely used in servers and cloud computing
2. Free software philosophy.
3. Strong command line interface.
4. Faster processing speed.
5. Enhanced security.
6. Customization because of open-source nature.
7. Community support.
8. Understanding of other operating systems

===========================